I would like you to produce some python code that performs an aggregate 
analysis of a folder full of JSON files just like the one I have provided 
here.

<sample JSON metdata file>

I would like to know the following:

(1) how many JSON files there are
(2) how many JSON files are empty (contain no records)
(3) how many JSON files throw errors upon processing
(4) how may files have at least one record with a populated location name 
(5) how many files have at least one record that meets requirement 9
(6) how many records there are in total
(7) how many records throw errors upon processing
(8) how many records are empty (contain no populated leaf field values)
(9) how many records have at least one populated location name field
(10) how many records contain at least one location name field with a value of Scotland
(11) the identities of the files that are empty
(12) the identities of the files that have no location names
(13) the identities of the files that have no Scottish location names

Definitions:

1. JSON files are files whose filename ends with the .json extension
2. A record is considered populated if at least one location name field within 
   it exists and contains a value that is not empty, once all leading and 
   trailing whitespace has been stripped, or NULL.
3. A file is considered populated if at least one of its records is considered 
   populated.
4. Records are anonymous dictionary blocks in the “records” list
5. Each record includes a locations block, which is a list of anonymous 
   dictionaries. The name of each location is stored in the name field.
6. File identity should be specified without path or extension. Only strip from 
   last dot e.g. “file.old.json” is identified as “file.old”.
7. All matches are exact (not substring) and case-insensitive, once all leading 
   and trailing whitespace has been stripped.
8. When you encounter an error, just increment the error counter and move on to 
   the next file.

Inputs: The user will provide the folder path on the command line

Outputs: 

1. A YAML file called location_analysis.yaml. Format as follows:

files:
  total: 70
  error: 1 
  empty: 1
  populated: 68
  scottish: 42
records:
  total: 55662
  error: 1
  empty: 1
  populated: 50686
  scottish: 16473

2. A text file called location_analysis.txt. Order filenames alphabetically 
   and format as follows

files_empty:
    FILENAME
    FILENAME
files_without_locations:
    FILENAME
    FILENAME
files_without_scottish_records:
    FILENAME
    FILENAME
